 Universal Base Characters by Quaternius View all by Quaternius Quaternius Follow Quaternius Follow Following Quaternius Following Add To Collection Collection More like this Related Universal Base Characters A downloadable asset pack Download Now Name your own price The Universal Base Characters Kit includes 6 game-ready character models in Superhero, Regular, and Teen proportions (male and female). Designed with optimized, animation-friendly topology and rigged with a Humanoid rig allowing easy retargeting in any engine. Mix and match 20 hairstyles, the Source version includes shaders to customize eye and skin colors allowing hundreds of unique combinations. Features: 6 Base models. Game-ready topology optimized for animation. 20 Hairstyles to mix and match, along with customizable eye and skin color, allowing you to create a wide variety of unique characters. Humanoid Rig compatible with retargeting in any engine, Source version includes the rigged .blend files. Average 13k tris. Compatible with the Universal Animation Library. Free to use in personal, educational and commercial projects. (CC0 License) Never miss another free asset release! Support me and get the extra versions of the packs. Find all of my assets on the website Versions used for the SOURCE version projects (anything above these work) Godot_v4.3 | Unity (URP) 2022.3.4 | Unreal Engine 5.4.4 More information Status Released Category Assets Rating Rated 5.0 out of 5 stars (23 total ratings ) Author Quaternius Made with Unity , Unreal Engine , Godot Tags 3D , Animation , base-characters , base-models , Godot , humans , rigged , stylized , Unity , Unreal Engine Asset license Creative Commons Zero v1.0 Universal Content No generative AI was used Download Download Now Name your own price Click download now to get access to the following files: Universal Base Characters[Standard].zip 122 MB Universal Base Characters[Source].zip 600 MB if you pay $19.99 USD or more itch.io · View all by Quaternius · Report · Embed Game assets › $5 or less 